@/views/activity/coupon/index
permission.js:50 @/views/activity/coupon/template/index
permission.js:50 @/views/activity/coupon/user/index
permission.js:50 @/views/activity/exchange/index
permission.js:50 @/views/activity/assembly/index
permission.js:50 @/views/activity/assembly/rule
permission.js:50 @/views/activity/assembly/record
permission.js:50 @/views/activity/banner/index
permission.js:50 @/views/activity/station/index
permission.js:50 @/views/goods/classification/index
permission.js:50 @/views/goods/goods/index
permission.js:50 @/views/order/user/index
permission.js:50 @/views/order/sale/index
permission.js:50 @/views/order/seller/index
permission.js:50 @/views/finance/fund/index
permission.js:50 @/views/finance/trade/index
permission.js:50 @/views/statistics/coupon/index
permission.js:50 @/views/statistics/group/index
permission.js:50 @/views/statistics/integral/index
permission.js:50 @/views/risk/rule
permission.js:50 @/views/risk/blackList
permission.js:50 @/views/monitor/hystrix
permission.js:50 @/views/monitor/interface/index
permission.js:50 @/views/monitor/database/index
permission.js:50 @/views/monitor/database/activity
permission.js:50 @/views/monitor/database/admin
permission.js:50 @/views/monitor/database/goods
permission.js:50 @/views/monitor/database/order
permission.js:50 @/views/system/user/index
permission.js:50 @/views/system/menu/index
permission.js:50 @/views/system/role/index
permission.js:50 @/views/system/config/index
